Updated components for mentioning layer deletion in Adobe XD (#537)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/components/input.md

## Layout

> The Input has rich support for prefix and suffix through a combination of text and icons that can, in certain cases, reduce the input effort for the user: e.g. an @email.com suffix means both fewer keystrokes and more clarity of expected content. It is possible to remove the prefix or suffix. In Sketch, the applied smart layout rules allow the layout to adjust accordingly when you set the respective container to ~No Symbol. While in Adobe XD, the use of stacks lets you achieve that by deleting the unused layers instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Input has rich support for prefix and suffix through a combination of text and icons that can, in certain cases, reduce the input effort for the user: e.g. an @email.com suffix means both fewer keystrokes and more clarity of expected content. In Sketch, to remove the prefix or suffix simply set their override to ~No Symbol, and the smart layout rules will adjust the input accordingly. In Adobe XD, the same can be achieved by deleting the unnecessary prefix or suffix layer and the Stack will take care to adjust the layout accordingly.
```
